+++
title = 'Compare1_coleman_bryan'
date = 2024-10-31T13:58:53-04:00
draft = false
author = "Bryan Coleman"
+++

An example of a content management scenario I may one day find myself in is working on a group project for my Geology class. This project involves a digital workload in the form of a presentation and report. When looking at the content I will be managing, it will include information and data regarding enacting sustainable development to negate oceanic pollution. The format of this information will be in text, as we will incorporate credible sources to provide information on these concepts.  Content management will be a combination of a team effort, as together we will collaborate for the processes of researching, planning, actually creating the content, the overall design and format, the submission process, and finally, the feedback and reflection. In other words, this is what I will be looking for in regard to a content management system. When comparing and contrasting **Hugo** and **WordPress** in terms of what I am looking for, I think overall technical skills and knowledge is a big factor. Primarily, since this project is for an Environment and Development, it is safe to assume that every member within the group has a varying range of technical skills. For this reason, I think WordPress would be better suited for our group as this platform is extremely easy to use and user friendly, as we learned through class readings, discussions, and assignments. Additionally, another major factor is collaboration as since it’s a group project we all serve various roles. For this reason, WordPress would be better suited for our class as the features and tools offered with WordPress make it extremely simple for all members to contribute and work together. This can be possible through Hugo, but we would also need the assistance of additional software like GitHub, as we learned in class it would be more complicated; therefore, not very well suited for a group with varying knowledge levels. To conclude, I think WordPress would be the best content management system for me and my fellow group mates. 

