+++
title = 'UGC_bryant_henry'
date = 2024-09-10T10:24:07-04:00
draft = false
author = "Henry Bryant"
categories = ["UGC definition"]
tags = ["user-generated content", "web content management", "youtube"]
+++
## What is User-Generated Content? 

In *Web Content Management*, author Deane Barker defines user-generated content as content (see last post for definition) that was "generated by non-editors, usually from the public side of the website" (Barker, 2016). 

In other words, this means that user-generated content is something that someone who visits or uses a website uploads to the website for other users to view and interact with, without going into the backend of the website to edit the raw code powering it. 
## User-Generated Content Example

An example of user-generated content would be the comments on a YouTube video. For this activity, I'll use the comments on the YouTube video linked [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ). 

For this example, the concept of user-generated content is illustrated as follows: These comments are produced by viewers of the video. The purpose of a YouTube comment is to express an opinion about the video, share information or thoughts, or just provide something for other users to see. The point is that these comments are created with the purpose of being shown to others on the part of the website that the public sees. This doesn't require going into any technical behind-the-scenes aspect of YouTube. All a user has to do is type their comment, submit it, and it's out there for the public to view. 