+++
title = 'Workflow_Hotko_AJ'
date = 2024-10-02T19:04:00-04:00
author = "AJ Hotko"
draft = false
+++
## Workflow 
When considering the different phases that a task must pass through until it is completed, it would be best to determine when this task needs to be completed. A hard deadline is important because people need to know how to organize themselves in such a manner so that they will have the task completed on time. It would be best to consider even putting that deadline before it actually needs to be done just in case something is to go wrong. Once the deadline is confirmed, it would be best to make sure what exactly the task is, this would be making sure that it is clear what needs to be accomplished. Next, any prior research that needs to be done should be looked into since working on the task and researching at the same time could lead to errors. Once research is complete, it would be wise to break down the task into steps allowing for an even clearer visualization of what needs to be done. Depending on the size of the task you could even set deadlines for yourself to keep on track to meeting the deadline. Once there is enough research and preparation you could finally begin the task, while working on the task taking notes on what has been created or changed. This is important in that if someone else needs to do something similar it will be done in the same manner which would be more efficient. Once the task is completed, it would be a good idea to go over it and make sure everything is correct and up to standard, even referencing the steps to complete the task to make sure you got what you needed to get done.  
## Roles 
When thinking of different roles that people would take on, I believe there should be a couple of people who would be considered supervisors or managers. These people would make sure tasks are being completed on time and in a logical manner. When considering the class project, there could be editors, someone who reads over everything and makes sure there are no errors. There would also be people who are responsible for the creation of new implementations to the website. I believe that it is important that there would be a few people dedicated to on the fly changes in case something comes up, they would be able to put aside what they are currently working on to help on something new. Finally, I believe that it is important that everyone is in a role that they are comfortable with, this could be someone with prior experience or something that they have an interest in. With this, it would be much easier and efficient to get tasks completed. 